"stress_xs": 10 this is not innacurate 

event - button eg if they have a delay
use basemap for geography layer 
smaller amount of participants for data 
layers connecting events
width from top to bottom layer denotes larger time wait 

map one variable across multiple participants, with a singular map to choose between the participants.
once achieved having multiple variables




"Delay / Connection missed / Hurry required," (will be referred to as ’Delay’)
117 • "Disturbing people in the environment / crowded transportation," (will be referred to as ’Disturbing People’)
118 • "Driving behavior of the driver," (will be referred to as ’Driving Behavior’)
119 • "Infrastructure (e.g. no roofing/no or not enough information /not barrier-free / uneven road)," (will be referred to as
120 ’Infrastructure’)
121 • "Positive social situation/interaction," (will be referred to as ’Positive Social Interaction’)
122 • "Media entertainment (music, podcast, book, etc.)," (will be referred to as ’Media Entertainment’)
123 • "Destination or connection reached / means of transport on time," (will be referred to as ’Destination/connection reached’)
124 • "Discomfort (boredom, impatience, difficult thoughts, hunger, fatigue, cold, wetness, etc.).," (will be referred to as
125 ’Discomfort’)
126 • "Transportation is comfortable (cozy/pleasant temperature / not too crowded / get a seat, etc.)," (will be referred to as
127 ’Comfort’)
128 • "Beautiful surroundings,"
129 • and an option to "report a different category." (will be referred to as ’Others’)


each participant is over like a week 



TODO

distance attr on geojson

finish off individual such that the time is better suited between distance
abstract the JS from html for each individual participant and the grography part
such that...
collate.html has these things together and can interact between them

associate route to transport type
put average speed <--> average speed difference
fix tooltips
walking then bus then train --> connect to route
created viz to  see insights --> not helpful; added functionality to improve dataset; eg adding notes, delays expected 
monday - sunday; click to seperate journeys `




CLICK CERTAIN TIME FRAMES eg morning midday or night 
have km and mins 
write about alternative that student was working on 
my project may benefit... 

colour the line points based onstress xs  
add single tile 
onto

add basic mean median data legend to the top 

1. change how days of the week data accumulates data to just calculate distance between two points ✔
2. integrate multiple participants into a new file 'distance time 2', such that since it works for one, it will just seperate between participant, sort based on time
and fill it in for multiple new svg elements 
3. IMPROVE distance time per participant eg change metres for bottom axis, change time to look prettier, add some improvements to how distance time is shown;
change line.point to be colored off heart rate, add method of transport icon above the bottom axis 

4. once fully functional add it to the geography map, make left and right container balanced.

5. work on new highlighted svg element, most recently selected 
6. work on average for this data set 